# sensor_community_api

SensorCommunityApi - JavaScript client for sensor_community_api
This is the API for the Sensor Community. There are two domains where the same data is served.

https://api.luftdaten.info - This is optimized for receiving data. DON'T use this to request data.

https://data.sensor.community - This is faster and more reliable for serving data, so should be used for reporting cases. Where it is not supported for a certain endpoint, the previous domain must be used.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 0.1.0
- Package version: 0.1.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://github.com/opendata-stuttgart/meta/wiki/EN-APIs](https://github.com/opendata-stuttgart/meta/wiki/EN-APIs)

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install sensor_community_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your sensor_community_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var SensorCommunityApi = require('sensor_community_api');


var api = new SensorCommunityApi.V1Api()
var apiID = 37987; // {Number} 
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.getDataByApiID(apiID, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://data.sensor.community*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*SensorCommunityApi.V1Api* | [**getDataByApiID**](docs/V1Api.md#getDataByApiID) | **GET** /airrohr/v1/sensor/{apiID}/ | All measurements of the last 5 minutes for one sensor
*SensorCommunityApi.V1Api* | [**getDataLast5Minutes**](docs/V1Api.md#getDataLast5Minutes) | **GET** /static/v1/data.json | Average of all measurements per sensor of the last 5 minutes for all.
*SensorCommunityApi.V1Api* | [**getSensorValuesWithFilter**](docs/V1Api.md#getSensorValuesWithFilter) | **GET** /airrohr/v1/filter/{query} | All measurements of the last 5 minutes filtered by query.
*SensorCommunityApi.V2Api* | [**getDataLast1Hour**](docs/V2Api.md#getDataLast1Hour) | **GET** /static/v2/data.1h.json | Average of all measurements per sensor of the last hour.
*SensorCommunityApi.V2Api* | [**getDataLast24Hour**](docs/V2Api.md#getDataLast24Hour) | **GET** /static/v2/data.24h.json | Average of all measurements per sensor of the 24 hours.
*SensorCommunityApi.V2Api* | [**getDataLast5MinutesV2**](docs/V2Api.md#getDataLast5MinutesV2) | **GET** /static/v2/data.json | Average of all measurements per sensor of the last 5 minutes for all.
*SensorCommunityApi.V2Api* | [**getDustDataLast5Minutes**](docs/V2Api.md#getDustDataLast5Minutes) | **GET** /static/v2/data.dust.min.json | Average of all measurements per sensor of the last 5 minutes for all dust sensors only.
*SensorCommunityApi.V2Api* | [**getTempHumAirDataLast5Minutes**](docs/V2Api.md#getTempHumAirDataLast5Minutes) | **GET** /static/v2/data.temp.min.json | Average of all measurements per sensor of the last 5 minutes for all temp./humidity/air pressure sensors only.


## Documentation for Models



## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
